[Music]
and this guy's up here flying like he's
trying to pass a check ride we don't
play games here this is a simulation
you're damn right this is a professional
simulation this ain't no game from the
old we all did just stall out within 5
minutes and crash into a highway short
of the runway yeah completely went
underground oh my god he is bobbing
under the ground I see his tail maybe
that place in 2020 will simulate death
we've done simulates entry into heaven
afterlife simulator 2021 all right man
too fast for you look you're flying
great up here but to be honest we're
getting a little [__] bored so if you
could do something other than fly
straight and level we'd appreciate it
and slow down about I'm good nuts yeah
you're doing 510 knots brother missiles
not a boot like fighter pilots in here
tonight and I'm one of them
jeez user entered your channel Mauricio
what yeah that's now taking Fabricio
yeah it's me
Fabricio that's a sexy-ass name yeah
it's kinda Italian act but I'm not
Italian well then I'm confused as [__]
my name sounds Italian but I'm not
Italian I'm from Brazil
okay people just to think that I'm
Italian because of my accent same people
think I'm an American but I'm actually
from Rwanda I get that a lot are you
simulating anything you're playing for
fun we are simulating being bored as
[__] right now well I don't need to
simulate that
yeah we're following a 747 who's been
flying at 6,000 feet just making turns
left and right for about 20 minutes
sounds fun it's not okay we're going
left yep this is about as exciting as a
NASCAR race we're turning left and he's
going fast I have a fish that goes left
I don't know what that means
well you need to get that thing checked
out okay reading 540 knots now
descending through 8400 feet airport 12
o'clock hot so he's coming in he did for
an attempted landing or more than likely
a strike into the ground
yep that message is not being received
because we are now at 700 knots
we got 800 knots civilian aircraft doing
800 knots and a high-speed pass and a
sharp Bank left 90 degrees pulling up
we're pulling jeez damn imagine being in
the [__] on this guy's flight Viper
for two just departed from the ramp and
got you on site Viper 4 - Roger that sir
that's actually a very legitimate and
cool callsign respect it's so original
right I actually like it well it's
fitting since
meanwhile guy out the distance whose
name is Michael gaming checking in with
the most unoriginal name possible my
name's Michael and I like games probably
a nice guy though sorry if you heard
that Mike oh he might be coming at his
head on actually yep this guy is coming
at us head on head on one mile out heads
up actually never mind he is just slow
as [__] I forgot we're doing 550 knots
and I just lost everybody where'd he go
12 lines below 1,300 feet yeah he was
just at 9,000 feet like 10 seconds ago
all right now he's ascending to the
heavens this guy is just going in
between either the most boring flight
possible or just absolutely losing his
[__] and there's no in-between he's
gonna do one minute he's trying to pass
a check ride the next he's snorting coke
off the dash and we got this one guy in
a helicopter just body slamming him
midair yeah I got I had a bunch of
fighters subbed out as gyro copter one
30s earlier and that's what I see you in
it's pretty lit to be honest they even
got a diamond formation oh my god the
left side of that diamond formation is a
hot air balloon no way I swear to god I
am in a diamond formation with a hot air
balloon in a helicopter going 620 knots
whoa hot air balloon just broke off hard
okay someone is in a wind tunnel with an
open mic please turn that off
ho sprint full set now just give it five
minutes someone's Wi-Fi is gonna [__]
the bed shooting the Venice worst do you
have experience in that field just I
don't think you are yeah oh we reached
10,000 feet now basically waffle
I don't know why you said waffle but to
be honest I love your accent I love when
you say stuff basically waffle you see
okay why is everyone saying waffle now
I'm not understanding oh my god waffle
yeah let's follow my choir basically
sound like you're yeah sounds like
you're playing in your closet or
something like - intruder [__] I'm just
sitting in my laundry basket
what the [__] not safe are you being
held hostage
yeah we're literally probably following
this guy and he's taking a nap yeah
congratulations you played yourself all
right then you ready to turn around and
face yeah let's do that
I'll follow you got the lead all right
I'm breaking left right off your left
side there Roger that we'll loop back
around and find you
all right Viper 4 - we are forming up on
your right rotor I guess all right grab
- then I'm gonna be a right-hand turn on
course back to Alliance right-hand turn
on course back to Alliance Roger that
stopped at 4 yeah we now have multiple
white helicopters up here this is
starting to look like a Klan meeting and
we got the boss man yes sir
and I also just want to get firm I
believe your son was calling for dad in
the background oh yeah I could frame
you're ignoring him no I'll cut that out
of the video for Child Protective
Service purposes dad left - line looking
good oh yeah
yes sir this is a Viper 4 - we're gonna
descend down to 1,000 feet Airport since
I 12 o'clock yeah Roger that that was a
very sharp descent yes Oh gone ready now
one's breaking
years coming down butter that no one's
taking less out of the runway rolling
out
we got butter on three beautiful well
done gentlemen
well done thanks man
yeah Roger that we're just about to get
trampled by seven four seven who's that
completely disregarding us I'll fight
them off no here we go yeah use the
power of Slough oh yeah I'm engaging
this aircraft in an intense stare down
somewhere yeah someone is reassuring
themselves in the middle of the runway
is basically gone hot dog on a stick
yeah he's uh this going around us yeah
he's yielded to us we have we have
asserted our dominance we were holding
our ground he's now going for a sneak
attack it looks like oh yeah flight sim
has now become gang war sim hope he's
getting aggressive he's coming in hot
now yeah can't confirm I just got
dominated it doesn't short field takeoff
it looks like oh yeah it looks like yeah
look at that
he's going to the church I got 20 I got
$20 going in the trees 20 bucks on the
trees who's got the under hey I'll send
you my venmo
yep he's in the [__] well that's
probably she Oh what the [__] I didn't
know you weren't even saying anything
just got in a massive confrontation and
he was totally silent
it wasn't even addressing it oh he is
having a hard time keeping that thing
airborne hey what's up guys weird
Florida man here merch is available at
the link in the description just dropped
some new stuff so if you're interested
you can check it out if not I'll just
buy the entire inventory myself and
leave it at my neighbor's front door
even though she said she'd call the cops
if I did that again
anyways that'll be for me thank you for
watching the video hope you enjoyed it I
will see you next time
oh [__]
oh [__] yeah I don't see this ending
well really be honest the gears coming
up gear coming up technically gear up
boss man I can't allow you or killing it
right now well done
all right and a juice or off we are
coming in fully I did not know that was
part of the plan